q1. Create three buttons and write a text on those button as Red,Green,Yellow.On click of any of these button ,the color of that button should be changed according 
   to their name.(Deadline- half day)

Requirement 1: Create three buttons and named it as Red,Green,Yellow respectively.
Requirement 2: On click of a particular button, the color of that button should get changed according to their name.


2. Create two input box. Provide inputs in digit to both the input box and perform Add,Sub,Mul,Div and Mod operation.
(Deadline- 1 day)
Requirement 1: Create two input box.
Requirement 2: Create four buttons and text as Add for performing Addition, Sub for Subtraction, Mul for Multiplication and Div for Division respectively.
Requirement 3: Enter any digit in both the input box and click on a particular button for performing operations according to your requirement.
Requirement 4: Display the result as a text or use any message box.

3. Create three input box and named it as Min,Max and Mul respectively with one Button named it as "Validate".
(Deadline- 1 day)
Requirement 1: Create three input boxes and named it as Min,Max and Mul respectively.
Requirement 2: Create a button and named it as "Validate".
Requirement 3: Following conditions on the input box should get satisfied.
	       1) Min<Max
	       2) Mul<Max
	       3) Mul<=Min 
	       4) Min and Mul should be the factor of Max.
                 For eg : We have three inputs:
                               Min  Max  Mul
                               5    10   5
                 Here,  (Min<Max)  5<10     true 
                        (Mul<Max)  5<10     true
                        (Mul<=Min) 5<=5     true
                        5 and 5 is the factor of 10. 
Requirement 4: If any conditions get false, then that box should be highlighted by making the border of that box as "red".
                 For eg : We have three inputs:
                                Min  Max  Mul
                                5    10   6
                     Here, (Min<Max)  5<10     true 
                           (Mul<Max)  6<10     true
                           (Mul<=Min) 6<=5     false
                           So, 3rd box will be highlighted.


4. Create three different colored buttons(Red,Green,Yellow) and one Rotate button. On click of the Rotate button, color of the buttons should rotate clockwise.
(Deadline- 1 day)
Requirement 1: Create three buttons with red, green, yellow colored respectively.
Requirement 2: Write a text on button according to their color.
               For eg: If a "red" colored button is created, then the text should be "Red".
Requirement 3: Create one button and named it as "Rotate".
Requirement 4: On click of Rotate button the color of three buttons should be changed.Like, the color of 2nd button should be changed to color of 1st button, 
               the color of 3rd button should be changed to color of 2nd button, and the color of 1st button should be changed to color of 3rd button.
Requirement 5: Make sure with each click of Rotate button, the colors should get rotated clockwise.



5. Create a Snake and Ladder game where two players can play with each other.
(Deadline- 3 day)
Requirement 1: Create a table of size 1-25 having a button on the top and named it as "Player 1".
Requirement 2: Create a table of size 1-25 having a button on the top  and named it as "Player 2".
Requirement 3: Each of the button, i.e "Player 1" and "Player 2" should get enabled alternatively. 
               For eg: If Player 1 is playing a game, at that time the play button of player 2 will be disabled and vice versa.
Requirement 4: Generate random number between 1 to 6.
Requirement 5: According to that random number,the box of that particular table should get changed from white to red for player 1 and yellow for player 2. 
Requirement 6: Snake will bite on 3,5,9,13.
Requirement 7: If the players sit on any of 3,5,9,13 box ,the player will resume to initial value i.e.0 and all the colored box should get changed to white color.
Requirement 8: If the player reaches to the final position, i.e. 25, the game should get over.
Requirement 9: Finish the game by disabling both player's play button.

6. Create three buttons with initial values "0" as text and one button as "Validate". 
(Deadline- 3 day)
Requirement 1: On click of any of the three buttons,value of that particular button should be increased by 1.
Requirement 2: Onclick of Validate button :
               (i) The value of unclicked buttons (among three buttons) should get increased by 1.
               (ii) If all the three buttons are clicked , the value of oldest (first) clicked button (among three buttons) should get increased by 1.  


























